life-saving aid for Gaza following a
Qatari and French broker deal between
Israel and Hamas the cargo includes
humanitarian Essentials for Palestinians
as well as medicine for Israeli captives
in the besieged strip the United Nations
is overseeing the process I'm here
because of a mandate of the security
Council to see how we can facilitate
accelerate and expedite all areas of the
assistance that is so much needed for
civilian in Gaza given the very acute
humanitarian conditions that they have
to live with Aid has been sporadically
trickling in to the 2 million
Palestinians besieged by Israel often
through diplomatic channels nearly Never
Enough doctors can't find anything to
treat their patients now they just use
salt even salt is $13 per kilogram now
can you imagine putting salt on on
people's injuries to disinfect them
we've reached a very critical point
people are dying and we can't even find
painkillers the UN estimates 93% of the
population in Gaza is facing a severe
level of hunger and says pockets of the
strip are already experiencing famine
likee conditions disease is spreading
rapidly and leaving many in a state of
desperation while the new aid supplies
will provide some relief the un warns if
the war doesn't stop more Palestinians
will die not from bombs but from famine
and
diseasean Al
jazer